+=======================================================================================+
+                        Appcelerator Entourage (Maintenance Branch)                    +
+=======================================================================================+

--------------
 Sticky Note
--------------
This branch is a fork of the appcelerator/entourage. The sole purpose of this 
branch is to provide limited support to projects that were started using the 
Entourage library since the library is no longer support by the Appcelerator 
team. 

If it happens to have the full docummentation for this project feel free go 
check it in or contact this owner of this repository.

For release notes on changes please see the RELEASE_NOTES.

---------------------
 Build Prerequisites
---------------------

To build Appcelerator Entourage from source, you will need the following
prerequisites:
	
	-  Development Kit 
		- Download from here http://rubyinstaller.org/downloads/
		- DevKit url at this time
			https://github.com/downloads/oneclick/rubyinstaller/DevKit-tdm-32-4.5.2-20111229-1559-sfx.exe
		- To install the json gem install the DevKit
		- Follow instructions here : https://github.com/oneclick/rubyinstaller/wiki/development-kit
			Or short instructions :
				- Unzip the zip
				- open command-line and go to unzipperd folder
				- ruby dk.rb init
				- ruby dk.rb install
				- gem install rdiscount --platform=ruby
				
		
  - Ruby 1.8.6 or greater <http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/>
  - RubyGems with the following gems: rake, hoe, hpricot, json, maruku, rubyzip, aws-s3 [,aws, s3]
	e.g. gem install rake
	
	For Windows create a batch file containing	
		call gem install rake
		call gem install hoe
		call gem install hpricot
		call gem install json
		call gem install maruku
		call gem install rubyzip
		call gem install aws-s3
		call gem install aws
		call gem install s3



To build the platform installers, you will need the following:

  - Mac OSX - you will need to install XCode 3.0 from the extra CD or download
    from Apple
  - Win32* - you will need to install NSIS installer
    <http://nsis.sourceforge.net/Download>
  - Unix - no additional third-party software is required at this time.

* For building NSIS on OSX/Unix, you can download the non-Win32 compiler which
will allow you to build the Win32 installer on other OS platforms.  For example,
on OSX, if you have darwinports installed, you can install NSIS with:

  > port install nsis

If you would like to build Titanium alongside the Entourage, you will need to
checkout Titanium from <http://github.com/marshall/titanium/tree/master> and
then set the  environment variable 'TITANIUM_DIR' to the directory.  You will
also need to follow build instructions in the titanium project before building.
If you don't want to build  titanium or don't have it checked out, you can still
build Appcelerator Entourage with no problems.

E.g. PATH system variable for win32
C:\bin\Ruby\Ruby187\bin;C:\bin\DevKit\DevKit_4.5.2\bin;C:\bin\java\jdk1.7.0\bin;C:\Program Files (x86)\NSIS;C:\Program Files (x86)\NSIS\Bin;

--------------------
 Build Instructions
--------------------

To build everything, you can execute rake normally, like:

  > rake

To build a specific component, you can run rake with one or more tasks, like:

  > rake service:java

Each Rakefile is built into several sub-components, each within their own
directory structures and Rakefiles.  The main components are:

  - runtime (includes both command-line binary and installers)
  - services
  - websdk

You can execute a specific component with the task <component>:<name>. For
example, to build the Java Service:

  > rake service:java

Or, to execute a build of all services, you could do:

  > rake service:all

All components have an `all` target.  For example:

  > rake services:all
  > rake websdk:all
  > rake runtime:all

To build a specific installer, you could just specify the OS. For example:

  > rake runtime:win32 
  > rake runtime:unix
  > rake runtime:osx

To have rake print additional into, you need to set an environment variable.
From a bash shell you can run:

  > export VERBOSE=true; rake

--------------------
 Getting Assistance
--------------------

If you need more assistance, please go to the Appcelerator Developer Community 
at <http://community.appcelerator.org>.

We invite you to visit us on IRC at #appcelerator on irc.freenode.net.

To report a bug or make a feature request, please visit our Issue Tracking
portal at <http://jira.appcelerator.org>.

If you are interested in becoming a community developer and contributing to
Appcelerator Entourage, please contact us at <info@appcelerator.org>.


-- The Appcelerator Team


-------------
 Legal Stuff 
-------------

Copyright (C) 2006-2008 by Appcelerator, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
For more information, please visit <http://license.appcelerator.org>.
Appcelerator, Appcelerator Entourage, Titanium and logos are trademark of
Appcelerator, Inc.

Please see the file named LICENSE for the full license.
